# SprocketHighLow
A simple High or Low number guessing game on the Thumby
DESCRIPTION:
Sprocket the little robot doggo will pick a number between 1 and 9. You have to guess if the next number he picks will be higher or lower. Guess correctly in 3 out of 5 rounds and you win the game!

NEUROSPICY RAMBLE TIME:
My second real-ish Python project, again for the Thumby. It wasn't MEANT to be harder to make than the Rock Paper Scissors game but in the end it was lol. Both are just dumb little number comparison games, but when you graph out all the branching paths, it wound up roughly similar in complexity, albeit in different ways. I also tried to put more, I dunno, polish into this one? Sophistication? Effort value? Something like that. Better sprites, better code (I hope? I'm very much self taught so I have no frame of reference but it FELT better to me). It doesn't have sound yet but that is planned for the future. I learned a lot of things again! Better sprite design/usage, lists, loops... loops upon loops upon loops. The loops still bamboozle me a little bit but we got there in the end. (I really should figure out how functions work.)

As for who and what a Sprocket is (this does loop back around to the Thumby please bear with me)... Sprocket is a little MicroPet dalmatian toy from 2004-ish. "Wait isn't the Micro Pet dalmatian named Siren?" You might be asking if you have either a very good memory or are a pedantic detail Google-r. Yes. But the instruction booklet that came with mine called them "Sprocket" because he is a bootleg. That's right, Schoolastic Book Fairs sold an unsuspecting 4th grader a bootleg micropet. I only found this out recently (I uh... bought a replacement doggo on Ebay because I thought mine was gone forever but NOPE he was just in the basement and turned up like two days ago? So now I have a "real" one to compare him to... awkward) and I feel INORDINATELY BETRAYED! You were the best part of grade school, Schoolastic Book Fairs! How dare you do this to meeee!
... Anyway.
As a kid I adored this little bootleg doggo and made him various houses out of paper and recycling, all of which are long gone. As an adult with too much free time and expendable income, and access to craft supplies I could only dream of as a school kid, I have built him a very respectable miniature house, also mostly out of recycling. This is how it ties into the Thumby, see; I cannot for the life of me resist miniatures, especially ones that WORK. So when I saw them on Amazon like a year ago I NEEDED ONE but wound up waiting for the price to come down a bit. It's part of his little house. It's HIS Thumby. So it only felt right to stick him in a game. (Even if it's just a silly numbers game.)
